hey guys thanks so much for watching
today's video I'm gonna show you how I
make my morning parfait
now usually I prep this the night before
so yeah you can probably do that or you
can eat it fresh you make it and go
ahead and take it downtown but I usually
do this the night before so I just made
dinner which was carne go gravy and I
have a video on that so if you have not
seen that already make sure you click on
this box right here and if you missed it
I'll put a link in the description box
down below don't worry about it you will
be able to see it still also before I
get started I did want to mention that I
am wearing my courage in the kitchen
apron which is my favorite part of the
worries and pink line or collection from
Ford cars calm if you guys are not you
know hit with it I am one of their
models occurs and I'm so proud to be
it's a fantastic group of people get to
know them on Ford cares calm I'm also on
there as well we just recently did this
awesome photo shoot where you can see
all of the amazing survivors and co
survivors on the website so yeah check
it out and let's get right into it so to
start off with you need to find yourself
a cup or a container or a jar in this
case I'm going to use a glass mason jar
I love using glass just looks a little
bit more fancy and make sure that it has
a top because you want to seal in the
freshness and this one actually has like
a measuring system on the side of it
I'm just gonna fill it up a third of the
way and today I'm using a vanilla nonfat
yogurt and I really like it because it's
sweet I don't like the original or the
plain yogurt because it's a little bit
too tart and too sour so if you're
introducing this to your children they'd
probably appreciate you adding a flavor
now it's my favorite I love vanilla it's
just it's kind of sweet and it reminds
me of like I don't know like a coffee
shop
or like a fast food yogurt it's just a
little bit naughty but it's good for you
then maybe adding a handful of my
organic raspberries and you're gonna
make like a layer of the raspberries you
have a layer of your yogurt than a layer
of raspberries and now a layer of
blueberries there's so many health
benefits to blueberries I think
blueberries are probably one of
the berries that are great for brain
health and also really really low in
sugar and calories then for our next
layer I'm going to be using another
organic product this is just a mixed
granola with seeds it's like flax seeds
and all kinds of other like little nuts
and dried berries like more blueberries
I did leave a little space at the top
for mixing because if you fill it all
the way to the brim you're literally
going to be eating just the layers at a
time you're not gonna have any room to
mix the yogurt with everything then you
can just screw on the top and throw in
your refrigerator and it's perfect for
the next morning or during that week I
also do this particular order like the
yogurt the fruit and then the granola so
that the girl and granola does not get
soggy so that's why I keep it on the top
so there is a method to my madness and
that's it thank you so much for watching
don't forget to check out for cares calm
like I'd mention and also use the
hashtag SD castañeda to share your
recreations let me know what kind of
cereal or different fruits and stuff
like that that you use in your little
parfait and I'll see you guys in the
next one bye